Closes #2481 bug the result of derive param tte depends on the sort order of the input (#2569)
pharmaverse/admiral: NEWS.md

- Update `ADEG` template to flag `ABLFL` and `ANL01FL` based on `DTYPE == "AVERAGE"` records. (#2561)

## Updates of Existing Functions

> - added `"message"` as option for `check_type` argument in `derive_var_obs_number` function. (#2481)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- added `"message"` as option for `check_type` argument in `derive_var_obs_number()` function. (#2481)
```

</details>

# admiral 1.1.1

- `check_type = "warning"` default argument added to `derive_param_tte` with an
  `arg_match` function within the function so the user can use a valid input of 
  `error, message, warning, or none`. `signal_duplicate_records()` has also been

>   added to the function on lines 394 and 411 to check for uniqueness of records. (#2481)

Reviewer 2: Could you rephrase this item such that it describes how the change affects the users? No need to add details for developers.

> - `order()` function has been added to `event_source()` and `censor_source()` and
>   defaulted to `NULL` to allow sorting of input data. (#2481)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `order` argument has been added to `event_source()` and `censor_source()` and
  defaulted to `NULL` to allow specifying variables in addition to the date variable. 
  This can be used to ensure the uniqueness of the select records if there is more
  than one record per date.  (#2481)
```

> 

Reviewer 2: This should be moved up to the "development version" section because admiral 1.1.1 is already released.
